Post competition announcement for SR2022 (#402)
srobo/website: _posts/2022-04-24-sr2022-hrs-wins-sr2022.md

---
title: Hills Road Sixth Form College wins Student Robotics Competition 2022!

> image: image
> image_alt: Alt text for the image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image: /images/content/blog/sr2019/sr2019-photo.jpg
image_alt: All the teams from SR2022
```

Wants testing that this correctly references the image

but those on the raised platform in the centre were already the right way up,
making them harder to get but easier to score points with. Robots could detect a
can’s orientation by the coloured insulating band along the bottom. The states
of the cans were recorded at the end of the matches and the teams were scored
accordingly.

## League Matches

Competition matches started with the league. Teams were awarded 8 points for
coming first, 6 points for second, 4 points for third, and 2 points for fourth
in each of their league matches to add to their league score. Teams played
91 matches giving them time to improve their robot and tweak
their strategy as the league went on. Teams had various designs from {list of
different designs/strategies}. Particularly notable were {list a few teams that
stood out to us}. {INCLUDE A FEW PICS OF THESE TEAMS}

## Knockout Matches

The league matches were important as they seeded the knockouts giving a
potentially easier set of matches to teams placed higher in the league.
{ANYTHING INTERESTING THAT HAPPENED}

## Results and Awards

After progressing through all the knockout matches, four teams were left to face

> each other in the final: {LIST OF TEAMS}. {DESCRIPTION OF WHAT HAPPENED}. {PIC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
each other in the final: BRK, CCR, HRS and QMC. {DESCRIPTION OF WHAT HAPPENED}. {PIC
```

> OF FINAL} Results After a close match in the final, it was {1st TEAM} that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OF FINAL}

## Results

After a close match in the final, it was Hills Road Sixth Form College that
```

managed to beat out the competition and win the Student Robotics 2022

> competition, closely followed by {2nd TEAM} in second and {3rd TEAM} in third.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
competition, closely followed by Queen Mary's College in second and Brockenhurst College in third.
```

The Committee Award is given to the team that displays the most extraordinary
ingenuity in the design of their robot. As engineers, we appreciate elegance,
simplicity, and robust engineering. This year, the committee award was given to

> {COMMITTEE TEAM} for their {WHY COMMITTEE AWARD}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Queen Mary's College for their wide can grabber and screw storage mechanism. QMC were able to move around the arena collecting cans, rotating them, and placing them in their storage hopper. Using a screw mechanism, up to 4 cans could then be stored and ejected out the back of the robot when they returned to their scoring zone.
```

We're always delighted to welcome new teams to Student Robotics and understand
how big a challenge it can be without prior experience. To recognise this
additional challenge, we award the Rookie Award to the highest placed newcomer
in the league which celebrates the incredible achievement they have made. This

> year's recipient was {ROOKIE TEAM} with their {NOTABLE FEATURE} design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
year's recipient was Abingdon School with their streamline grabber and advanced can detection system using computer vision.
```

We award the Robot and Team Image Award to the team that presents themselves in
the most outstanding way. As ever, this year our teams rose to the challenge and

> we saw some fantastic themes! We loved {list a few}, but we decided to give the
> Robot and Team Image award to {TEAM IMAGE} for their {adjective} {TEAM IMAGE
> THEME}. {INSERT GROUP PIC OF TEAM AND ROBOT HERE HERE}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
we saw some fantastic themes! We loved {list a few}, but we decided to give the
Robot and Team Image award to Hills Road for their hilarious "Ducktor Who" theme. All team members attended dressed as classic Dr Who characters, and their robot was topped with a big red duck which acted as their power button, too.

{INSERT GROUP PIC OF TEAM AND ROBOT HERE HERE}
```

Through social media, teams can share the problems they're facing as well as
their designs and successes. A few teams stood out to us this year with their
regular updates on social media, but the winner of the Online Presence Award is

> HAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
team HAM: [Hampton School](https://hamptonschool.org.uk/) and [Lady Eleanor Holles School](https://www.lehs.org.uk/).
```

           caption="The 'This Way Up' arena" %}

## The Game: This Way Up

This Way Up challenged robots to collect the most tin cans from the arena and
ensure they were the correct way up for maximum points. Robots could detect a
can’s orientation by the red insulating band along the bottom. When in a robot’s
scoring zone, correctly oriented cans were worth three points, upside down cans
were worth one point, and cans lying on their side were worth nothing. Tin cans
on the arena floor started upside down, but those on the raised platform in the
centre were already the right way up, making them harder to get but easier to
score points. The states of the cans were recorded at the end of the matches,
and the teams were scored accordingly.

## League Matches

The teams played 91 league matches, over which they improved their robots and
tweaked their strategies while earning league points. The teams’ positions in
the league seeded the knockouts, with the top 8 teams heading straight to the
quarter-finals and the rest having to enter qualifier matches to proceed. Teams
had various designs, from an Archimedes’ screw, to advanced computer vision, to

> even flipping the entire robot with cans inside! Particularly notable were

Reviewer 2: I think we could mention SWI by name for the unique flipping robot

           competitors from Hills Road Sixth Form College dressed up as Doctor
           Who Characters standing in the arena looking at their robot" %}

We award the Robot and Team Image Award to the team that presents themselves in
the most outstanding way. This year, our teams rose to the challenge, and we saw
some fantastic themes! We loved [Haberdashers'
School](https://www.habsboys.org.uk/)'s Grease theme, but we decided to give the
Robot and Team Image award to Hills Road Sixth Form College for their hilarious
“Ducktor Who” theme. All team members attended dressed as classic Dr Who
characters, and their robot was topped with a big red duck which acted as their
power button.

Through social media, teams can share the problems they’re facing as well as
their designs and successes. A few teams stood out to us this year with their
regular updates on social media, but the winner of the Online Presence Award is
[Hampton School](https://hamptonschool.org.uk/) and [Lady Eleanor Holles
School](https://www.lehs.org.uk/) for their consistent and high-quality posts,
all collated on the team’s website.

Check out the [rulebook][rules] for all the details on the awards we give.

> ## Thank You

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Photos of the event have been added to our [Google Photos Album](https://photos.app.goo.gl/uP96J7ZKqiE2JPjR8)

## Thank You
```
